[Wf-Diagnostics] update troubleshooting guide for blob size limits (#203)
cadence-workflow/Cadence-Docs: src/docs/08-workflow-troubleshooting/02-activity-failures.md

Read more about [error handling](https://cadenceworkflow.io/docs/go-client/error-handling/)

## Blob Size limits

> Description: This is an error caused when a decision contains data that exceeds the configured limit. If an API call contains data that exceeds the limit, the API call will fail. These limits are dynamically configured per cadence domain.

Reviewer: Maybe we could mention or link to which dynamic properties control this?

Author: good idea! will do

Mitigation: It is recommended to store the data elsewhere in another storage technology and using its reference. The workflow can then take that reference and pass it around to other parts of the workflow to retrieve that data.

> Different cases for which Cadence checks the blob size:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cadence enforces the maximum blob size in several cases. Some of these are: 
```

> Signal input
> Workflow input and output
> Workflow continueAsNew input
> Activity input and output
> Workflow/Activity error_details
> Record marker
> Heartbeat details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Signal input
- Workflow input and output
- Workflow continueAsNew input
- Activity input and output
- Workflow/Activity error_details
- Record marker
- Heartbeat details
```

This should render these as a list
